docs: beforeRouteEnter next callback (#1560)
vuejs/router: packages/docs/guide/advanced/data-fetching.md

## Fetching Before Navigation

With this approach we fetch the data before actually navigating to the new

> route. We can perform the data fetching in the `beforeRouteEnter` guard in the incoming component, and only call `next` when the fetch is complete (*the callback provided to next will be evaluated after the component is mounted*):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
route. We can perform the data fetching in the `beforeRouteEnter` guard in the incoming component, and only call `next` when the fetch is complete. The callback passed to `next` will be called **after the component is mounted**:
```
